README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Yang Zhenzhao 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  Building AI-driven systems and thoughtful full-stack products.<br/>
  <a href="https://www.yangzhenzhao.com" target="_blank"><b>🌐 Visit my website → yangzhenzhao.com</b></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang?tab=repositories">Repos</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/SilverSigma">SilverSigma</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clemenong1/SigmaHealth">SigmaHealth</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/DSTA-Code-Exp-2025">DSTA BrainHack</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Maritime-Hackathon-2025">Maritime ML</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Hackomania_2025">Hackomania</a>
</p>

---

### 🔭 My Experiences
- **AI Engineer Intern @ Massivue (May–Aug 2025)** — Dual-model workflow analysis (GPT-4 + local Gemma-3B), interactive dashboards (React/TS, Node).
- **Data Automation Intern @ Amcor Flexibles (Feb 2024–May 2025)** — HR & payroll automation with Excel VBA.

---

### 🏆 Highlights & Hackathons


<details open>
  <summary><b>SUTD What The Hack 2025 — SilverSigma</b></summary>

  <br/>

  <p>
    <i>Fullstack Development</i> · Part of a team of 5 to build an AI-powered companion platform 
    for seniors featuring <b>real-time avatar conversations</b>, <b>hobby discovery</b>, and a 
    <b>secure social space</b>.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/SilverSigma">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-SilverSigma-181717?logo=github" alt="SilverSigma Repo"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</details>


<details>
  <summary><b>LifeHack 2025</b> — Finalist, Best Usage of Data</summary>
  <p>React Native app integrating real-time SG health data, GPT guidance, and community reporting.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/clemenong1/SigmaHealth">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>DSTA Brainhack 2025</b> — Finalist</summary>
  <p>AI scam detection (React Native) with URL analysis, education modules, and analytics.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/DSTA-Code-Exp-2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Maritime Hackathon 2025</b></summary>
  <p>ML classifier (90%+ accuracy) for ship repair severity on 10k+ entries.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Maritime-Hackathon-2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Hackomania 2025 — Interledger: Quitting Addiction Together</b></summary>
  <p>Next.js full-stack donation platform using MySQL + Open Payments API.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Hackomania_2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

---

### 🧰 Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?logo=java&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?logo=scikitlearn&logoColor=white" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?logo=arduino&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry%20Pi-A22846?logo=raspberrypi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FPGA-0099cc?logo=intel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?logo=figma&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-F26207?logo=replit&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-000000?logo=cursor&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Get in touch
- Website: **<a href="https://www.yangzhenzhao.com">yangzhenzhao.com</a>**

Commit message:

Update README with personal projects and experiences
Added details about personal projects and startups.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Yang Zhenzhao 👋</h1>

<p align="center">
  Building AI-driven systems and thoughtful full-stack products.<br/>
  <a href="https://www.yangzhenzhao.com" target="_blank"><b>🌐 Visit my website → yangzhenzhao.com</b></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang?tab=repositories">Repos</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/SilverSigma">SilverSigma</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clemenong1/SigmaHealth">SigmaHealth</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/DSTA-Code-Exp-2025">DSTA BrainHack</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Maritime-Hackathon-2025">Maritime ML</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Hackomania_2025">Hackomania</a>
</p>

---

### 🔭 My Experiences
- **AI Engineer Intern @ Massivue (May–Aug 2025)** — Dual-model workflow analysis (GPT-4 + local Gemma-3B), interactive dashboards (React/TS, Node).
- **Data Automation Intern @ Amcor Flexibles (Feb 2024–May 2025)** — HR & payroll automation with Excel VBA.

---

### 💡 Startups/Personal Projects

#### 🎬 [Gleam](https://github.com/Path-yang/GleamNote.ai) *(In Active Development)*
A smart video clipping platform that captures key moments from YouTube, TikTok, and Instagram with AI-powered transcription and translation. Built with React (web), SwiftUI (iOS), and Kotlin (Android), Gleam lets users selectively clip video timestamps, add personal notes, and organize insights across languages—replacing overwhelming full transcripts with curated, actionable knowledge.  
**Tech Stack:** Next.js, React Native, PostgreSQL, Whisper API, Google Translate, FFmpeg

#### 🌊 [SpiraFlow.ai](https://github.com/sean6369/SpiraFlow.ai) *(In Active Development)*
Currently collaborating on an AI-powered workflow optimization platform designed to streamline complex processes through intelligent automation and data analysis.

#### 📷 [SentinelAI](https://github.com/Path-yang/SentinelAI) *(Failed Startup Attempt)*
*Attempted submission for the NUS SoC VIP 10k grant and IDEATE hackathon*  
Led a team of 5 to develop an AI-powered real-time safety monitoring system using existing CCTV/IP cameras to detect falls, strokes, and industrial accidents. Leveraged computer vision and machine learning to transform passive camera infrastructure into proactive safety alerts.  
While the concept showed promise, we discovered challenges in technical scalability and deployment reliability. The project taught us critical lessons about balancing technical feasibility with real-world impact, and the importance of identifying clear differentiation and sustainable adoption paths early in product development.

---

### 🏆 Highlights & Hackathons


<details open>
  <summary><b>SUTD What The Hack 2025 — SilverSigma</b></summary>

  <br/>

  <p>
    <i>Fullstack Development</i> · Part of a team of 5 to build an AI-powered companion platform 
    for seniors featuring <b>real-time avatar conversations</b>, <b>hobby discovery</b>, and a 
    <b>secure social space</b>.
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/SilverSigma">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-SilverSigma-181717?logo=github" alt="SilverSigma Repo"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</details>


<details>
  <summary><b>LifeHack 2025</b> — Finalist, Best Usage of Data</summary>
  <p>React Native app integrating real-time SG health data, GPT guidance, and community reporting.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/clemenong1/SigmaHealth">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>DSTA Brainhack 2025</b> — Finalist</summary>
  <p>AI scam detection (React Native) with URL analysis, education modules, and analytics.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/DSTA-Code-Exp-2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Maritime Hackathon 2025</b></summary>
  <p>ML classifier (90%+ accuracy) for ship repair severity on 10k+ entries.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Maritime-Hackathon-2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Hackomania 2025 — Interledger: Quitting Addiction Together</b></summary>
  <p>Next.js full-stack donation platform using MySQL + Open Payments API.</p>
  <a href="https://github.com/Path-yang/Hackomania_2025">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-181717?logo=github" alt="Repo"/>
  </a>
</details>

---

### 🧰 Tech Stack
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?logo=java&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?logo=scikitlearn&logoColor=white" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?logo=arduino&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry%20Pi-A22846?logo=raspberrypi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FPGA-0099cc?logo=intel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?logo=figma&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Replit-F26207?logo=replit&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor-000000?logo=cursor&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Get in touch
- Website: **<a href="https://www.yangzhenzhao.com">yangzhenzhao.com</a>**
